Add reusable workflows (#4)
MarkBind/markbind-action: .github/workflows/README.md

# markbind-reusable-workflows

A list of GitHub Reusable Workflows that help improve your CI/CD with a MarkBind site.

> - Create a new workflow to preview proposed changes to your MarkBind site, including PRs from forks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new workflow to set up PR preview for your MarkBind site, including PRs from forks
```

  - `fork-build.yml`
  - `fork-preview.yml`
- Unpublish PR preview site
  - `unpublish-preview.yml`

## Option Summary

### fork-build

Option                                                 | Required |                      Default | Remarks
:------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|-----------------------------:|----------------------------------------------
[version](#version)                                    |    no    |                   `'latest'` | The MarkBind version to use to build the site
[rootDirectory](#rootdirectory-markbind-cli-arguments) |    no    |                        `'.'` | The directory to read source files from
[siteConfig](#siteconfig-markbind-cli-arguments)       |    no    |                `'site.json'` | The site config file to use

### fork-preview & unpublish-preview

Option            | Required | Remarks
:-----------------|:--------:|-----------------------------------------
[token](#token)   |   yes    | The token to be used for the service
[domain](#domain) |   yes    | The domain that the site is available at

## Option Details

### version

The MarkBind version to use to build the site.

- Latest
  - `'latest'`

>   - This is the latest published version of MarkBind

Reviewer: For consistency with the other 2 options

```suggestion
  - This is the default value
  - This is the latest published version of MarkBind
```

- The second workflow being `fork-preview.yml` will be triggered whenever `fork-build` is completed.
  - Adjust the domain accordingly
    - The sample workflow below publish to `pr-x-mb-test.surge.sh`

1. Create a `fork-build.yml`

```yaml
name: Build Fork PR

# read-only
# no access to secrets
on:
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - main

# cancel multiple runs at the same time, can be removed if you don't want it
concurrency: 
  group: ${{ github.workflow }}-${{ github.ref }}
  cancel-in-progress: true

jobs:
  build:
    name: Build Fork PR
    uses: MarkBind/markbind-action/.github/workflows/fork-build.yml@master
    with:
      version: "3.1.1"
```

2. Create a `fork-preview.yml`

```yaml
name: Preview Fork PR

on:
  workflow_run:
    workflows: ["Build Fork PR"]
    types: [completed]

jobs:
  on-success:
    if: ${{ github.event.workflow_run.conclusion == 'success' }}
    name: Deploying to Surge
    uses: MarkBind/markbind-action/.github/workflows/fork-preview.yml@master
    with:
      domain: "mb-test.surge.sh"
    secrets:
      token: ${{ secrets.SURGE_TOKEN }}
```

### Unpublish PR preview site

*(This is Optional)*

> By default, the site will be published to surge.sh and will be available for preview. These site will not be deleted when the PR is merged. However, if you wish to unpublish the site whenever the PR is merged/closed, you can use the following workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the site will be published to surge.sh and will be available for preview. The site will not be deleted when the PR is merged. However, if you wish to unpublish the site whenever the PR is merged/closed, you can use the following workflow.
```

Note that this workflow uses the `pull_request_target` in order to expose the secrets to the workflow triggered by a fork. This is still secure (admittedly, not as secure as not exposing the secrets at all) as the workflow does not require dangerous processing, say building or running the content of the PR. Read [Keeping your GitHub Actions and workflows secure Part 1: Preventing pwn requests](https://securitylab.github.com/research/github-actions-preventing-pwn-requests/) if you want to learn more about this.

> You may also consider manually teardown a surge site by following the [instruction](https://surge.sh/help/tearing-down-a-project), if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also consider a manual teardown of a surge site by following the [instruction](https://surge.sh/help/tearing-down-a-project), if required.
```
